miley cyrus of course is a very
recognizable person so we decided to
have some fun with that today
by making her unrecognizable we
disguised miley
as an australian woman a reporter and we
sent her out on the street to ask people
what they think about miley cyrus
which could very well turn out to be
uncomfortable and
well maybe it will be let's find out
here it is miley cyrus in disguise
it's time for eyewitness news
all right everyone janet here with uh
what's your name carl
coral here from california um do you
know anything about what's going on here
in la this weekend the uh the vmas video
music awards are coming up mtv
vmas well i've heard about the vmas but
i didn't really know that they were
gonna come come here this week
they are um have you heard about who's
hosting this year they've got miley
cyrus as the host that's cool i guess
all right if you like it what do you do
you like it what's your opinion
no she's not one of my favorite now what
what do you
what do you not like about marley is it
that her you know her shocking kind of
you know all kind of changes really
really her style
what's up
oh really do you have any opinions on
her or maybe what you think about her
well molly cyrus when i knew her was she
was only a
child most of us i mean all of america
that's how we got to know love yeah
because
uh what what is her father's name again
he's the one always yeah what's molly's
father's name
what would you say if if miley cyrus was
your daughter
you have a few kids or if they were
acting like miley cyrus would you have
any thoughts
no no problem i just like taylor swift
better what would you say about mother's
music you say it's just kind of to
never heard it never heard it all right
i actually heard
that she is going to be hosting the show
new
um what do you think about that uh i
would love to see that
oh you kind of look like her you know
that's actually why they hired me they
threw me in from perth and i'm here
right now i'm kind of freaking out that
i'm on hollywood boulevard
do you think billy ray uh this is not
finally came back to me
billy ryan do you think he race it'll be
that way or do you think she just kind
of like lost her mind in all the
hollywood madness
well i think she lost her mind in the
hollywood madness you've got two
daughters is that
if now if miley was one of your
daughters i mean would you let her out
there dressing the way she is shaking
her ass all over the place i mean what
do you think about all that
can i say hell no hell no absolutely i
think she's starving for attention and
that's why she's doing it all crazy like
that
it's exactly you too she's missing
something somewhere in a heart probably
you know in her deep soul
i know this is a big big ask of you
girls but could you maybe sing a little
bit of the song for us i mean i'll sing
it with you you can't
stop oh yeah
you guys can dance like miley cyrus i
bet you can can we do it can we get a
little like
come on i'll do it with you come on i'll
do it with you
ready all right okay one two three go
go go go go go oh yeah we just could
look into our camera and
um just kind of give her some advice and
also america that kind of follows that
lead well
the whole fabric of america is falling
apart and she's not doing anything to
try to keep it together
absolutely i think you're miley cyrus
right now
what would janet say about that do you
wanna you wanna you wanna check that out
that look like miley cyrus
looks like milo sorry i need you to keep
that on the dl but smiley sorry
titties
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level
click the subscribe button below i'll
wait for you